docs: Proofreading + general improvements (#26442)
renovatebot/renovate: docs/usage/key-concepts/pull-requests.md

## Normal PRs

As explained above, Renovate PRs normally have some "uniqueness" in their title relating to the version in the upgrade.

> When you close a "unique" PR, Renovate assumes you don't want to see that PR again in the future, for example:

Author: I think without "the" is British-English and with "the" is American-English.

1. You ignored `lodash@4.17.21` by closing Renovate's PR

> 2. Renovate assumes you don't want any updates to `4.17.21` of `lodash`
> 3. Renovate creates a new PR when the branch + title "uniqueness" exists again, like when `lodash@4.17.22` releases

Author: ```suggestion
1. Renovate assumes you don't want any updates to `4.17.21` of `lodash`
1. Renovate creates a new PR when the branch + title "uniqueness" exists again, like when `lodash@4.17.22` releases
```

Renovate behaves similarly for `major` updates, for example:

1. You ignored a `major` update for Lodash (pr title: "Update lodash to v4") by closing Renovate's PR

> 2. Renovate assumes you don't want any updates to `v4` of `lodash`
> 3. Renovate won't create any update PRs for `v4` of `lodash`, even if there are newer versions of `v4`

Author: ```suggestion
1. Renovate assumes you don't want any updates to `v4` of `lodash`
1. Renovate won't create any update PRs for `v4` of `lodash`, even if there are newer versions of `v4`
```
